Hello and welcome to part two.
Minimizing the costs indeed.
I remind that the main three applications of doing artificial intelligence for business is one optimizing
the processes in a business to minimizing the cost and three maximizing the revenues we've already built
in the previous part.
And they that optimizes the processes.
And now in this new part part two we will build a new AI and actually a more advanced AI that will minimize
the cost of a different business and this different business will actually be about any business that
has data centers.
Because indeed in this case number two we will build any IDE to minimize the energy consumption in a
server and we will do this with deep Q learning more advanced immoral than the one we built in the previous
case study.
And so why doing this you know minimizing the energy consumption in a server will minimize the cost.
Well that's of course because the tech companies have tremendous cost coming from their data center.
And these cuts come directly from the energy consumption and the different services.
So if you're ready let's do this let's solve casted number two with deep.
Q learning just a few words on deep learning deep learning is actually the model that was built by you
know one of the top companies in the world today which is deep mind.
They build the Deptula immoral or also called a dick U N D G network to minimize just as what we're
going to do the energy consumption in Google data centers because actually that mind was acquired by
Google with their dequeue when they managed to minimize energy consumption in Google's center and they
were actually able to reduce Google's cooling bills by 40 percent.
So if you think about the huge amount of data centers Google has we can have a pretty good idea of the
tremendous amount of money maybe in billions of dollars that Google saved by reducing the energy related
costs in their business.
So there was a huge accomplishment in this field of artificial intelligence for business.
And before we started the case study I just want to say two important things first.
This is a special case study but the whole framework that were going to do you know that were going
to build is totally adaptable to any other businesses because you know I will explain what the change.
I will give the general framework of how to build an AI with deep Guler and to accomplish a certain
goal which is here to minimize the costs.
So if you want to apply what were going to do to your business or your work well you will only have
to change a few parameters and a few lines of code too you know defined differently the different components
of the environment such as how you define the reward.
And now the second point thing that I would like to say is that this case study Number two is huge.
This is a huge case study will have something around 500 lines of code and we will code everything together
from scratch you know step by step as usual but I will not give you some code and say this is how it's
done.
No we will build everything together.
But the downside of this is that you will need a lot of energy a lot of focus and a bit of passion but
I promise you that after completing this huge case study well you will know everything about defining
a real world environment to build a powerful artificial intelligence to solve a real world business
problem which you will be able to adapt to many other businesses.
All right.
Thats the two important things.
I just thought it was important for you to know and as far as I'm concerned on my side I will do my
best to always go straight to the point because keep in mind that you know only have the video tutorials
but you also have the book and here is the part 2 of the book minimizing the cost containing the whole
case study.
And there is much more detail to explain in the book.
So as soon as you don't understand something don't worry go to the book and you'll find all the explanations
I'm going to quickly walk through this part of this book in the first part.
We define the problem to solve.
We define the environment here.
We get the assumptions that I'm going to explain soon Mr. Tauriel here I explain again the overall functioning
to make sure everybody understands.
Then of course as for every artificial intelligence we define the state we define the actions we define
the word.
And here we have a final simulation example which you will see will be very helpful for us to build
not only the environment but also the training.
And then what.
Then I explain the whole AI AI solution.
Here you have a couple of explanations given the intuition of what is dequeue learning and we will actually
build the advanced version of.
Because we will integrate what is called experience replay which improves the moral Kiril will explain
all this and his intuition lectures and then you'll find the whole graphics of the brain.
This is the brain we will build you know the brain of our AI that will make the predictions.
This is the artificial neural network that is fully connected and which you will see we will build very
easily with cameras.
And here we have this very useful page giving you the whole dequeue learning algorithm.
And then of course in the next pages I provide the whole implementation explains code sections by code
sections.
All right.
So let's go back to our slides and let's get into this case study.